[MIYAMURA]
Morning, Hori household.
[KYOSUKE]
Kyoko. Sweetie?
Look who came by to
escort you to school today.
Hey, Hori. Good morning.
[Hori groggy]
Walking together was your idea.
In fact, you were the one
who said we should leave early.
[KYOSUKE] There was a horror
special on last night
that kept her up late.
Yeah.
You've gotta go get changed.
-[groggy]
-Wash your face really well.
[KYOSUKE] Since she'll be
a minute, want some coffee?
Sure. 'Preciate you, Kyosuke.
[FEMALE REPORTER] We're at the
scene of the alleged murder.
Do you know where that is?
A neighboring prefecture.
I just got chills.
[FEMALE NEWS ANCHOR 213A]
For our next top story--
[KYOSUKE]
Ooh. It's cold.
Thanks for
all the delicious food.
[WEATHER WOMAN]
So it's going to be
unseasonably warm up north.
[MIYAMURA]
Good grief!
If it's cool, may I please go
knock on Hori's door?
[KYOSUKE]
Do whatcha gotta.
Wait a sec! She hasn't
finished getting dressed?
[MIYAMURA]
[knocking] Hori?
I'm coming in, okay?
Huh?
She fell back asleep.
You. Have.
To. Wake. Up. Hori!
[MIYAMURA] Just gonna leave
without brushing your hair?
[HORI]
No.
[MIYAMURA]
That's what I thought.
Sit up,
and face that direction.
Better get a move on.
-Don't wanna be late.
-Hmm?
[HORi]
Bathroom first.
'Kay.
Meet ya by the front door.
[SOTA]
Later, bro!
Bye. Have a good day.
Come on.
-[Hori screaming]
-Huh?
[Hori pants]
Miyamura!
What happened to my hair?
[MIYAMURA] Well,
it was really messy, so.
We get invited to a party
and no one told me?
Figured I shouldn't do a
ponytail with all the cowlicks.
-Oh, man!
-Are you ditching it?
It doesn't go with my uniform!
You're ditching it.
Uh-ah--
You, um, really think
it looks good on me?
Yeah!
Fine! The fun bun stays!
Fun bun!
[HORI]
It's not weird? You promise?
[MIYAMURA]
I promise. It's super cute.
[HORI]
I'm cute?
[MIYAMURA] Huh. Guess I'm
good at baking and making buns.
[YOSHIKAWA] Oh! Hori!
You're cuter than cute!
Can I, like, copy you?
-Go right ahead.
-Yeah, it does look nice.
-[ISHIKAWA] Do it yourself?
-Possibly. [giggles]
I totes have to try it!
Your hair might be
a little too short
to rock the fun bun style.
-Aww. You think?
-Ten billion percent.
Womp, womp, womp.
Oh? Kyon-Kyon!
You look so cute!
There's some kind of occasion?
-Not exactly.
-A change of hair...
[MIYAMURA]
Her hair's probably too fine.
[SENGOKU] Hey. Care to share
what you're staring at?
Ah! What now?
And as for you.
Yeah, I don't see that
working out.
You just don't have enough.
You're saying I'm lacking
in something?
[MIYAMURA]
Hmm? But Kono.
A side braid would suit her
better than a bun.
Hmm. Everybody's different.
Thanks for waiting!
I swear! I've gotten
compliments nonstop!
Well, yeah.
Cuteness
should get compliments.
And you're the cutest of all,
no contest.
[MIYAMURA]
Senseless violence!
You'll have to play
with my hair more often.
Hmm?
Maybe I'll try a braid the
next time you let me style it.
[MIYAMURA] So, she really
does like the bun.
[HORI]
Oh! My neck feels cold.
[MIYAMURA]
Does it?
-Ah!
-Don't you dare ruin it!
[ISHIKAWA]
What are they doing?
Miyamura's hair is too silky,
and it bugs me.
Zero cowlicks. And combs
pass through it like butter.
Aah. You don't say.
It's not fair! He's a boy!
Then make artificial cowlicks,
so it's not as perfect.
[HORI]
So I say I have no bread,
and you say,
"Let them eat cake?"
[SENGOKU] No, I said make it
"not as perfect."
Like, by tying it up
for a while.
That'd leave temporary
creases in it, at least.
I gotcha! And it's much easier
than using a flatiron, too!
[SENGOKU]
Don't go overboard. okay?
Ah!
All finished!
[MIYAMURA]
What did I do to deserve this?
[groans]
There! Aah!
That takes care of that.
[KONO]
Thank you, Sengoku.
Oh, um, it was nothing.
[KONO] I've always thought
we did a decent job
of keeping files organized.
But we've actually got way
more stuff than I realized.
Well, we do constantly
receive paperwork.
All that aside, though.
[gasps]
[SENGOKU]
That was some balancing act.
I almost had a heart attack
seeing you up on that chair.
-What if you fell?
-[KONO] Sorry,
but someone had to clean
that dusty cabinet.
[SENGOKU]
You a clean freak?
Well, Yoshikawa and Iura
both cough a lot
when they visit here.
Maybe dust could be
the cause of it.
Were you two discussing
how amazing I am?
-Oh?
-[SENGOKU] Nope.
-[KONO] Sure weren't.
-I heard my name!
-Getting organized?
-[KONO] Mm-hm.
Let the students who inherit it
next term
have a fresh start
in every way.
[IURA] Careful. This box
looks like it might fall.
Oh. Literal seconds ago,
Sengoku--
I'll take it down to be
on the safe side.
This, another box that was
on top of that cabinet?
Um! Uh-huh!
Gosh, you guys are great!
Thank you!
[gasps]
[SENGOKU]
Ishikawa is an athlete,
so his strength
makes total sense.
What I can't figure out
is where Iura's extra muscle
came from.
Guess I could've bulked up
from helping my grandpa
move furniture.
-Furniture?
-Trash duty complete!
Welcome back, Remi.
Huh?
And Hori? Wait.
Before you give
the trash to Ayasaki,
please sort it for her.
I just caught her dumping
all of it into the same bin.
[KONO]
Remi!
[AYASAKI]
Won't happen again!
Thank you for setting
her straight, Hori. Really.
But, I doubt
we'll have another trash run
before we graduate.
Yeah, I guess you're right.
Hey, is Ayasaki here?
Oh, you're all here.
Hi, Yanagin!
Do you need Remi
for something special?
Sorry, but no.
I just found your cell phone
over by the trash area.
I do remember you
setting it down
when we were
throwing stuff away.
Thanks, Yanagin!
-Lucky thing you walked by.
-Sure.
Are you all fixing up the room?
-May I help?
-That's okay.
This stuff is heavy
and hard to...
You know,
someone might trip over this.
The corner's
a much better spot.
[SENGOKU] Miyamura,
get your butt over here!
Why, though?
'Cause he'd feel better
in the presence
of a fellow noodle-armed wimp.
[HORI]
What a petty, petty man.
-You called?
-[IURA] Whoa!
[IURA]
He's flexing his noodle arms!
That box can't be one of ours.
What's in it?
Some junk that got confiscated.
Yasuda decided
to give everything back
and asked me
to bring this here.
[IURA]
Huh! Dem magazines.
And other stuff.
He couldn't carry it
all himself.
Cheer up.
It's a minor difference.
Oh. The hall-of-famer
muscle queen just chimed in?
Pardon?
Sengoku is perfectly fine
the way he is, so hush!
Who cares how strong he is
when Remi can be strong enough
for the both of us?
You're doing great, honey.
[SENGOKU] While I appreciate
the sentiment,
I think you're perfectly fine
the way you are, too.
[YOSHIKAWA]
Hey.
Yasuda made me
haul this big box here.
[ISHIKAWA] No. Yasuda's
weaker than Yoshikawa?
I'll take that!
Your arms must be spent!
A little. Thank you.
Why is this so heavy?
Don't hurt yourself, Yanagi!
Kill me.
I'd prefer not to!
[HORI]
Now I just feel bad for him.
Look. The heavy stuff's
all on one side.
No wonder
it was a pain to carry.
I would've dropped it, too.
[SENGOKU]
Really? Thank you, guys.
Hmm? How did
a postcard get in there?
Probably came out
of a magazine.
This one, maybe?
[YOSHIKAWA]
Hey, could you grab that pile?
[AYASAKI] I haven't seen
one of these in forever!
[HORI] Miyamura,
you free after this?
[MIYAMURA]
Yeah. Why, what's up?
Hey, Iura. You good?
[ISHIKAWA] Yo. No reading
on the job, Prez!
Got hit by a wave of nostalgia.
[IURA]
Know what'd be nice?
A beach vacation.
[AYASAKI]
Yeah!
Actually, we've been talking
about taking a trip there!
[KONO] Uh-huh.
Once one of us can drive.
[ISHIKAWA]
We'd have our own ride? Sick!
[IURA] Our troop will have fun
no matter where we wind up!
[SENGOKU]
Don't say "troop."
[YOSHIKAWA]
Are we ants?
[YANAGI] I think
he meant "group," right?
[IURA] You're beautiful
and you read minds?
[all laugh]
[STUDENT 1] [laughing]
Ugh.
-I know! -[STUDENT 2]
Let's hit up that store
we saw in that magazine
while we're here.
[STUDENT 1]
Wait, right now?
-[STUDENT 2] Why not?
-[STUDENT 1] Yeah, why not?
[HORI]
Sota.
There anything
you're hungry for?
A rice omelet!
What? Again?
[SOTA]
Yep, again!
[HORI] Do we have ketchup,
or did we run out?
[SENGOKU]
Kyo-Chan.
Thank you.
[HORI]
You're finally giving it back!
Well, math wasn't
on your agenda for today.
Doesn't mean you should wait
'til the end of the day
to return it.
[AYASAKI]
Um. He was busy.
He waited till now to return it
'cause he helped
the teacher after class.
Uh, I can see that.
Well, no harm done.
Bye.
Uh. Hori!
You free this evening?
Maybe?
Uhh. Umm.
[YOSHIKAWA] Hori goes straight
home once school lets out.
-Right?
-Yeah. Sorry.
Ah, no big deal.
Some of us are
getting together to hang,
so I figured I'd see
if you wanted in.
But it's whatever. Later!
[ISHIKAWA]
Just gonna be us, I guess!
[YOSHIKAWA]
FYI, Toru really likes you.
As a friend.
-His invites are platonic,
okay? -Mm-hm, sure.
But how many times does
that make after today's?
You get invited places
just as much, though.
Yeah, so I can up the headcount
and their fragile egos.
[FEMALE STUDENT 213A]
Aah! The wind!
[FEMALE STUDENT 213B]
That scared me!
Aah!
Um, I should...
close this.
[YOSHIKAWA]
Please.
[indistinct chatter]
And then she started
wearing the same shoes I do.
So she tried to get close
to you by playing copycat?
And it backfired,
because I just ignored her.
[laughter]
-And then-- Oh, my bad.
-I would, too. -I, uh.
[FEMALE STUDENT 213C] And then,
while sporting the same shoes
she picks a fight with me.
[TAKAKO]
The heck? Why?
[FEMALE STUDENT 213C] It was
over takoyaki, of all things.
[TAKAKO]
Psh.
I'll help.
Sorry we bumped you.
Aw, it's okay.
Thanks, though.
[HORI]
You're on student council?
[KONO]
Yes.
[HORI]
Must be tough.
You think odd jobs are tough?
[both giggle]
[HORI] Oh, whoa.
Someone's on the roof.
I bet it's nice up there.
Not that I'll ever find out.
[RANDOM FEMALE STUDENT 213A]
I'm turning to ice!
[RANDOM FEMALE STUDENT 213B]
C'mon, hurry up!
Huh?
[HORI] That guy looks intent
on warming the bench.
[YOSHIKAWA]
Hori!
What-y?
[KONO]
Here.
[HORI]
Awesome!
Sengoku said
that you were a fan,
but I wasn't quite sure.
-Oh.
-Now you know.
There are more volumes
over there.
Help yourself anytime.
The council's breaking
school rules
just by having this here.
-But I love it!
-It's our secret.
Hey.
Thought I heard Hori's voice.
You have
student council business?
[HORI] Nah. Just borrowing
a book from Kono.
[KONO]
Manga counts as "a book?"
[all laughing]
Wait. Did you just say
you can come?
Yep.
[HORI]
Mom will be home early today.
[Yoshikawa laughs]
♪
[ISHIKAWA] I'm gonna
sing my heart out!
[SENGOKU]
What's wrong, Kyo-Chan?
[KONO]
It should be fun.
[HORi] Feels like
we're missing somebody.
[AYASAKI]
But you sing anime theme songs
while cleaning
the council room.
-Yanagi!
-Huh?
[IURA] Our bromance blossomed
in our elective class.
Thank you for having me.
Let us know
if Shu gets under your skin.
We'll understand.
[IURA]
How would I get under his skin?
[YANAGI]
Y-You're not! You don't!
Bye.
See ya tomorrow.
Crap. Dumb phone.
Um.
[HORI]
Ah. What's his name?
Girl, just get it yourself.
Huh?
Ah...
Here.
[HORI]
Oh. Thank you.
So, um. Miyamura.
♪
Hmm?
What's up, Hori?
[HORI]
Oh. It's nothing.
I'm sorry. I was spacing out.
[HORI]
You okay?
What's going on inside that
adorable little head of yours?
Hmm...
Just thinking.
There are
so many different roads
that led me
to where I am today.
I could've easily taken
another route.
And wound up somewhere else.
[HORI]
You know what?
I think we're exactly
where we're meant to be.
We're together like this
because
that's how fate wanted it.
Maybe you're right.
[HORI] I bet that no matter
what paths we chose in life.
We would've found each other.
♪
[HORI]
I won't even pretend
like I remember
every little detail.
Because each day was unique
in its own way.
Though most of the memories
have faded
or vanished completely,
some are still as vivid now
as they were then.
Pieces of my life,
that will always feel
as if they happened yesterday.
From now...until forever.
[HORI]
Miyamura.
We're getting sushi
to celebrate,
-you wanna come?
-[smiles] Oh, yeah!
[HORI]
Sweet! Let's get going then!
Kyosuke's gonna be so excited
to see you there!
Maybe too excited.
[MIYAMURA]
To the sushi!
[HORI]
We've grown so much closer.
I still remember
awkward conversations,
where our shyness kept us
from looking each other
in the eye.
Nowadays,
we laugh with abandon.
And share touches
for no reason.
It's hard to say what goes on
in my mind when we do that.
Or your mind, for that matter.
A perpetual, unsolved mystery.
Saying, "let's be together
forever," sounds cliché.
I can already
hear you laughing.
But I don't care.
Because that's exactly
what I want.
Let's walk the path
in front of us now,
and see what wonderful place
we end up in.
Whenever you look down
at your shadow,
know that I'm by your side.
And don't forget it.
I'll be your light
in the darkness.
Don't forget that, either.
Then, when my own
dark clouds roll in,
and you see me hang my head.
Remind me that I'm not alone.
Do it loud and clear.
Look, Miyamura.
The sky is so blue today.
It feels like we could go
wherever we want.
You make me see the world
with different eyes.
You awoke a devotion in me
I didn't even know I had.
♪
Hurry up! Miyamura!
[HORI] Look how pretty
the cherry blossoms are.
Feel how calming
the gentle breeze is.
I appreciate things like this
so much more because of you.
Thank you.
If I tried
to voice these thoughts,
the words would just fly away.
So, like the petals
falling around us,
I'll take my time.
And gradually
let you know my heart.
[phone rings]
[beep]
[HORI]
Miyamura?
Oh, sorry. Were you asleep?
[MIYAMURA]
No, I wasn't. You're fine.
Really?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
I'm, uh, a little confused.
But I'll come over.
Yep, yep. See ya then.
[beep]
[MIYAMURA]
Shortcake.
Mont Blanc crêpes.
Cheesecake. Choux pastries.
Okay! I'm ready!
Bro! So you actually made it.
Did your big sister seem
mad in any way?
[SOTA] She just said
you're really late.
Yes. But. That was it?
I thought today
was gonna be chill
since graduation was
only 24 hours ago.
More importantly,
I brought sweets.
Oh, wow!
Is there a chocolate one?
[MIYAMURA]
Ah, no. There's not.
-[SOTA] Hmm.
-[HORI] You made it after all.
Aah!
Uh-huh! I'm here!
Sorry I'm late!
I...brought you some desserts.
Maybe we can eat them together?
[MIYAMURA]
Is she angry?
[HORI]
Okay.
[MIYAMURA]
All right, then.
I'll, um,
grab all of us some plates.
Wee! Sweets!
[MIYAMURA]
Hori?
[HORI]
This has never happened before.
Dessert?
I decided!
Can I have the strawberry one?
Y-Yeah, sure.
They're all fair game.
[door opens]
Huh?
How do I look?
Ha...
You look incredible!
Liar! If that were true,
why'd you have to hesitate?
I was just in awe!
Short hair looks great on you,
Hori!
I did say I wanted it shorter,
but they didn't understand!
If I knew
it would turn out like this,
I wouldn't have gone at all!
This isn't
the end of the world.
Short hair's cute,
especially on you.
I called you,
because I wanted you to see
this new version of me
before anyone else did.
I look like a boy,
but, you don't mind?
[MIYAMURA] I've been thinking
of getting my haircut, too.
Chyeah, right.
Yes, right.
Oh. Hey, Dad!
There's cake and stuff!
Oh, welcome home, Kyosuke.
Grab a seat.
Sure.
Wait, what gives? You two
aren't breaking up, are you?
No, you dummy!
Come on, man.
Just tell me what happened.
Hori got a new haircut,
and I got one
a few hours later.
Wow. There really is no crisis,
huh?
Her hair was
the same length as mine,
but that "crisis"
was an easy enough fix.
Hair is hair no matter
your gender, y'know?
The weirdest things
trigger that girl.
[HORI]
Which girl?
[MIYAMURA] At least
she footed the entire bill.
[KYOSUKE]
She paid?
Oh, Kyoko!
You dad could use
a fresh haircut, too!
-Cool. Go get one then.
-[gasps] So cold!
[MIYAMURA] I've never had
my hair this short before.
Feels funny.
Because it's new.
Give it some time.
Yeah, I know.
'Cause that's life with Hori.
Every day is an adventure.
[KYOSUKE]
Too cute!
And now you lovebirds match!
Maybe I will get a haircut.
[HORI]
I'll go sharpen the razor.
[KYOSUKE]
On second thought--
[MIYAMURA]
Hori!